But you came all this way
to visit our hot spring...
You should relax and stay
a bit longer.
Well, since I'm an
impatient man.
There seems to be a
storm headed our way, so
be careful.
Thank you very much for
everything.
I'd better hurry.
You're Tadaichi, a shinobi of
the Hidden Leaf, correct?
Well, yes, I am from the
Hidden Leaf.
But I wouldn't call
myself a shinobi. I'm
just a lowly merchant.
You can't fool me.
I checked up on you and
found out what you did
when were in the ANBU.
Visual Jutsu?!
Beautifully done.
"I'm going to dye it all red."
"Sasuke's Story: Sunrise, Part
1: The Exploding Human."
(Kakashi) So, what are you doing
here?
Sakura said she was
gonna come to see you...
so I figured that I'd just
tag along with her, you know?
[sighs]
All right, Sakura,
what is it?
Recently, there've been a number
of incidents in which Hidden
Leaf shinobi have gone missing.
They've gone missing?
Mhm.
So you noticed it too,
huh?
You already knew,
Kakashi Sensei?
Yes. But why were you
looking into something
like that, Sakura?
Well, you see  there's
a regular at the flower
shop Ino's family runs.
[gasps]
(Kakashi) It's coming from the
Aun Gate.
I'll go and check it
out, ok guys!
Eh...
[grunts] Naruto! Wait up!
Hey! You two!
[sigh] Well, good luck.
Run! Go on, get out of
here, fast! Go! Go!
[screams]
[zombie-like groaning]
The Security Unit!
[grunts]
[inhales]
Why are they fighting
defensively?
I'm gonna go and help 'em
out!
Wait!
Huh?
(Naruto) Ino? Shikamaru? Choji?
What happened?
It can't be!
Huh?
Mr. Tadaichi!
(Sakura) What?
(Ino) That's Mr. Tadaichi!
Huh? Just hold on a second. Are
you talking about the flower
shop regular?
Mhm.
You're completely sure
that's him, Ino?
Yeah! There's no mistake!
But still, he would never turn
against the Hidden Leaf!
(Ino) So why?
Hmm.
Then does that mean he
could've been put under a
genjutsu? It makes sense.
Uh! And the others could be the
people that have gone
missing!
What!? No way!
You mean, those guys
are Hidden Leaf shinobi?
[grunts] So that's why Security
was on the defensive.
[zombie-like groans]
[gasps]
[grunts]
He didn't even dodge
it.
[worried reaction]
[gasps]
Doesn't he feel any pain?
[coughs]
[gasps] What the?!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[grunts]
Naruto?
Quick! Jump!
No way! That guy was like
a human bomb!
(Ino) Tadaichi.
I'm okay.
Let's tend to the
wounded.
[zombie-like groans]
(Shikamaru) Hey!
They're getting
into the Village!
Oh, no! Not them, too!
[zombie-like groans]
[gasps]
That thing's really huge!
[grunts]
Choji, can you make
wings with your expansion?
Sure, got it!
[chewing]
[grunts]
[yells]
All right! We'll help
too! Let's go Kurama!
Right!
[attacking yell]
[groans]
[grunts] Did that do the trick?
Yeah, you did great!
It looks  like this isn't
over just yet, though.
Hmm?
(Shikamaru) There's more of
them?!
[gasps]
[grunts] Naruto!
I'm pretty sure that getting
wounded triggers them to
explode.
I saw strange chakra being
released from the wound, and
then his body transformed.
Which means we'll have to
be careful about how we
engage them.
Naruto!
Hinata!
What is going on here?
Well, it seems like
everyone is under a genjutsu.
(Naruto) Can you see if
someone's controlling them
somewhere?
Okay I'll take a
look.
Byakugan!
I don't see anyone.
[frustrated grunts]
There's no one?
Mh-m.
Then how are all of them
being manipulated?
(Hinata) There's a foreign
chakra running through every
inch of their bodies.
It's possible that it's what's
controlling them.
So we just have to
remove that chakra
then?
Mh-m.
The chakra. It's circulating
like it's part of their bodies.
(Hinata) It might be fused to
them internally.
So you're saying that we can't
simply tear it out of all
of them, huh?
Well all right, first
things first. We have to
start by capturing them.
But Shikamaru it's going to be
tough to capture so many without
hurting them.
[gasps] Hey guys! I
just got a great idea!
[chuckles]
[zombie-like growl]
[zombie-like groans]
Okay come on! Let's
go!
(Naruto) First, I'll have my
clones slow down the
exploding humans.
Shadow Possession Jutsu!
(Naruto) Then Shikamaru will
capture them with his Shadow
Possession Jutsu.
[zombie-like groans]
Go, Hinata!
Right!
[grunts]
(Naruto) And lastly, Hinata will
pierce their critical chakra
points so they can't move.
They'll be immobilized for a
day.
[sighs]
Hey are you okay
Hinata?
Yes.
We'll fight together!
Huh?
Hmm.
(Sakura) It won't work.
I tried my Counter-Genjutsu
but there's no effect on the
strange chakra in them.
None at all.
Hey, don't get so down
on yourself.
Whoever's behind all this,
they used a genjutsu we've never
seen before.
(Kakashi) It has to be the work
of someone with extraordinary
skill.
So it'll require someone
with extraordinary Visual
Jutsu.
Hmm?
Visual Jutsu?
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Yep! Correct!
Uhh.
Hold on! I didn't even
say anything at all!
What do you mean? What
didn't you say?
Don't ask!
Naruto!
We may not be able to see
anything...
But someone who possesses both
the Sharingan and Rinnegan might
be able to.
Huh?
You mean?
Yes. I'm going to send
for Sasuke.
[gasps]
Could you do it?
Sure.
Sasuke's gonna come back
home!
[pleased sigh]
Which means that  I am
alone.
I alone can bear the
weight of all the
hatred in the world now.
You really don't have any
clue at all about how
Itachi lived!
Why do you keep on...involving
yourself with me?
'Cuz you're my friend.
You've told me that before.
But what exactly does that
mean to you?
(Naruto) You ask me to explain,
but it's not like I
understand it either.
It's just, when I see you
take on stuff, and get all
messed up, it...
Kinda...
Well, hurts me.
[meows]
[chuckles]
Hmm?
[meows]
Return to the Hidden
Leaf, huh?
[gasping] He exploded!
That guy exploded!
[zombie-like groan]
[grunts] Damn you!
No, stop!
[grunts]
Huh?
[zombie-like groan]
[frightened reaction]
[grunting]
[coughs]
[gasps]
Don't tell me...that's
like the exploding human
that attacked the Leaf.
Why? A village like this?
(Chino) Old Man Iou!
[frightened panting]
[zombie-like groans]
Chino, go stall them.
You got it, Nowaki!
Here goes! Water Style:
Water Wall!
[zombie-like groans]
Shinobi?
What is all this? What's
happening here?
What?! Who are you?!
Wait a minute! Are you
one of them, too?
You've got it wrong.
Just shut up! They ordered you
to come here and get even with
me, didn't they? I know it!
Get even?
Hey! Young ones!
What're you waiting for?!
Oh, come on.
Sorry. I've got nothing against
you, but...
Water Style!
Rain Hail!
Fire Style: Fireball
Jutsu!
What? I didn't know that Fire
Style could beat Water Style!
Did you, Nowaki?
Just get back.
Change in Chakra Nature
of Wind?
[grunts] Come on! Hurry up and
kill him!
[groans] No one ever said
anything about him being so
strong!
[grunts] Why, you
spineless little brat!
[sighs]
[zombie-like groans]
Hmm? [gasps]
After all this, you can
explain why you thought
I was someone else.
[grunts]
That eye.
The Sharingan?
He's an Uchiha.
How did the villagers end
up in this condition?
How should I know that?!
The one you mistook me
for is involved somehow,
right?
[grunts] I'm not telling you!
I-I'm sorry. But we
don't really know what's
going on here either.
Hmm.
Seems to me that you
two aren't even from this
village, are you?
Uh huh. We were
shinobi, but now we're
traveling performers.
We had a gig at a resort in the
Hot Springs Village. We made
real coin there!
There's good money to be
found here for
entertainers like us!
[exhales]
(Chino) Anyway, after that gig
ended, we decided to head
somewhere else...
so we came through the
Bamboo Village to stock up on
supplies.
Oh yeah, and Old Man Iou's
daughter is so nice to us! She's
really great!
Hmph!
She made us this
amazingly tasty food!
[grunts] Hey, wait! Amino! Is
she okay?
Amino! [grunts]
Earlier, we told all
the women and children to
take shelter.
Hey!
(Sasuke) I have no choice but to
ask these guys directly,
then.
[frightened fleeing
efforts]
[gasps] Amino?!
An exploding human?!
Mr. Iou, stay back!
It's too dangerous.
What?! Who cares if it's
dangerous or not?! Don't you
understand, you fool?
That's my daughter!
(Iou) Let go! Let me go!
Amino!
No!
[gasps]
I will never...
forgive you Fuushin!
I'll never forgive you,
Fuushin!
Hmm?
Just who is this "Fuushin?"
The Lightning Gang's leader.
Lightning Gang?
(Villager) They take money from
bad people and distribute it to
poor people like us.
They're thieves, but
they act honorably.
(Sasuke) So why would their
leader want to get even?
[sighs]
(Villager) This is just what I
heard.
(Villager) The Lightning Gang
was betrayed by the Hidden Mist.
It seems they barely escaped
with their lives and found their
way to this village.
Will you let us rest
here, just for a
while?
(Iou) Please go elsewhere.
[grunts]
If we give you safe harbor,
we'll end up paying for it very
dearly!
Please, we have no intention of
troubling the village! We won't
stay long!
Just cause you take money from
others and give it to those in
need...
don't think you can do
whatever you want! You
hear?!
[gasps]
(Villager) The village turned
the Lightning Gang away.
What are you gonna do?
Search the memories of
the exploding humans.
(Chino) Huh?!
[grunts]
[gasping for breath]
Huh. [gasps]
[heavy breathing]
[screams]
[grunts]
Are you okay?
[exhales] Those crimson eyes,
I'm sure of it!
It's a Kekkei Genkai.
(Yamato) You're Sasuke, right?
You can call me Yamato.
(Sasuke) It's about the
Exploding Humans' attack on the
Leaf.
It's possible Orochimaru may
have information about the
person behind it.
(Yamato) It'd be easier for us
to keep things coordinated...
if you sent us progress reports
as you went, but..
(Sasuke) Next time on Naruto
Shippuden: "Sasuke's Story:
Sunrise, Part 2: Coliseum."
I'm merely doing what I
need to do.